Move-Team@ENRON
09/20/2000 03:22 PM
Sent by: John Salinardo@ENRON
it is to late for me to add changes.  We will have to correct them after the 
churn.  Thank you for you patience.

   

The Dow  topped out in February of 1966 at 995. By September of that year the 
Dow had  tumbled to 744. The Dow then rallied to a high of 943 in September 
of '67. By  March of '68 the Dow had fallen to 825, only to climb to a highly 
speculative  peak of 985 in December of '68. The Dow then sank to 631 in 
December of '70.  

By April of '71 the Dow had climbed back to 950, only to fall to 869 in  
February of '72. A big rally then took the Dow (unconfirmed) to a record high 
of  1051 in January of '73, turning everyone bullish. But by December of '73 
the Dow  had collapsed to 788. Think that was bad - by December of '74 the 
Dow had sunk  to a bear market low of 577. At that time, the gurus and 
geniuses of Wall Street  were predicting a 250 Dow and many were talking 
openly about the end of  capitalism. Of course, that was the bottom

And that's  the way the greatest bear market since the Depression worked its 
way down. By  late 1974 investors were dizzy, they were desperate, they were 
wrung-out, they  had left Wall Street, many for  good.

great, we look forward to seeing you.

DEBRA PERLINGIERE
09/20/2000 09:32 AM
I will not be there at 7:30, but will see you arond 9:30 on Tuesday.

Many thanks!

Debra Perlingiere

Edward Terry
09/08/2000 09:55 AM
FYI,

Per the memo, ENA's storage account will be REDUCED by 420,588 mmbtu!!!!!!

Robert D Morgan
09/08/2000 09:36 AM
The results of the February 26th PVT test conducted on Nville have been 
discussed with each of you over the last three months.  As we have 
discussed....effective Sep 13th,  Anita will make the adjustments to Enron's 
inventory and pad gas to reflect the February 26th results.

I talked with Gary Wilson, and he confirmed that the revised values are 
correct.  Attached is a spreadsheet that contains the values.

The correction to the working gas includes TWO corrections.  The results of 
the February 26th test reduces the working gas by 398,487MMBTU.  In addition, 
there is a reduction of 22,101MMBTU which is the difference between the SCADA 
values (Best Available) that Anita showed on the February 29th Storage Sheet 
and the "official" February 29th values that Gary Wilson received from MIPS.

To summarize:
 Enron's pad gas will now be 3,993,310MMBTU, instead of 4,223,000MMBTU.
 Enron's working gas will be reduced by 420,588MMBTU.

Call me if there are any questions.

fyi