Rick Hopkinson@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
09/16/99 10:07 AM
Sara, trading is still not settled.

Thank you for the invitaion to the conference call.  I would like both Lynn 
and I to participate.  I assume we should come over EB.  Can you tell us 
where.

Thanks

Rick
,Do you want us to come over to the Enron b in your call.  Could 

Sara Shackleton@ECT
09/16/99 08:55 AM
Have you decided who will be assisting tax-wise for these two countries?

I have a conference call this afternoon at 3 pm (Houston time) with Antonio 
Felix de Araujo Cintra from the Tozzini firm regarding further research on 
derivative products for trading in Brazil.  Attached is a summary of products 
and the various Enron groups seeking answers.  If you would like to 
participate in person or by conference, please let me know.

I will be in Sao Paulo from Sept 20-22 and Buenos Aires from Sept 23-24.  In 
Brazil, I will be meeting again with Tozzini lawyers.  In BA, I'll be meeting 
with Marval lawyers.  Let me know if you would like to participate in any way.

Sara

please try to verify.  Thanks.  Sara
Sara Shackleton
09/16/99 10:16 AM
How about Friday, Sept. 17, at 9 am (Houston time) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo) 
time?  Please advise.  Sara

___________________________________________
Warning
NOTICE: This message is confidential. If you have received it by mistake 
please let us know by reply and then delete it from your system; you should 
not copy this message or disclose its contents to anyone. Thank you.

 - Em-enro2.doc

The call was cancelled.  I am waiting to hear about a possible call Friday 
morning.  Sara

Andrea Bertone@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
09/15/99 04:41 PM
Yes. If something happens that I'm not able to participate I'll let you know. 
Thanks.

Sara Shackleton@ECT
09/15/99 08:15 PM
This call has been changed to 3 pm (Houston time) which is 5 pm (Sao Paulo 
time).  Please let me know if you would like for me to conference you in.  
Sara

The draft you received has been approved by Dan.  If you would like this 
executed, please let me know.  Sara
Daniel R Castagnola@ENRON_DEVELOPMENT
05/17/99 01:47 PM
Sara:

Looks good.

Dan

Sara Shackleton@ECT
05/17/99 11:23 AM
Dan:  please see if the attached draft works.  My extension is 35620.  Sara

As a result of our luncheon with the confirm desk yesterday, could someone 
develop a comprehensive list identifying all omnibus attachments?  If you 
think any other pertinent information could be included, please feel free to 
add it.  Thanks.  Sara 

I e-mailed your assistant earlier this morning and have had no response.

Can we reschedule the phone call for 9 am (Houston) which is 11 am (Sao 
Paulo) on Friday, Sept. 17?  Please advise.  Sara

The conference call has been rescheduled for Friday, Sept. 17 at 9 am 
(Houston) which is 11 am (Sao Paulo).  I will initiate the call.  If anyone 
would like to be conferenced in or attend in person, please let me know.  
Thanks.  Sara

I am forwarding to you guidelines prepared for global products trading.  It's 
a good starting point.  I am currently working on guidelines for Argentina 
which will address both physical and financial trading.  Other "guidelines" 
exist in limited form for the remote offices in Singapore and Australia.  I 
am checking on London.
I'm not exactly certain as to what you are looking for.  Obviously the 
foreign offices have issues that may not apply in the US (although LA. is 
about as close as you can get to a third world country).  One thing that 
doesn't show up in the attachment is the swap eligibility issue.   Let me 
know how I can help further.  Sara

Janice Moore
09/03/99 01:57 PM
Here it is -- we printed this 2-sided and laminated it.  Becky will bring you 
the hard copy version.  Lunch date later.

see below.  It looks like the 2-day L/C issue is an issue.  I'll call you 
shortly.
  
  

Joseph Manogue at Tiger called me last night to say he had finally reviewed 
the draft ISDA doc with all agreed changes put in and lined from original. He 
faxed it to you and will have the original Fedexed overnight. Hope you'll 
have time to review it today.

S&S has again asked about the gtee and l/c wording. They do not have anything 
from us in writing confirming the agreed changes. Joe asked that you fax the 
revised gtee wording that has been agreed (I believe it was our agreeing to 
reduce the claim period from 15 days down to 5) and the new l/c wording 
(drops the 2 day period to replace an l/c with a different bank if the first 
refuses to pay). I know we talked about these issues earlier, but Tiger's 
lawyers want to get everything agreed in writing now so final docs can be 
issued for signing, even if we are the one's issuing the gtee and l/c.

Thanks! Call if you have questions or if I can be of any help. There is an 
outside chance we could have everything set to go this week.

With best regards,
Per

Hi back!  and Happy New Year too!  To what do I owe this small pleasure?  I'm 
fine in Texas, still hanging out with Phoebe and Chloe, working hard, etc.  
Where are you living these days?  N.O.?  Atlanta?  Memphis?  Eleuthra?  St. 
Petersburg?  Amelia Island Plantation?  I've simply lost track!  As for me, 
well, I lead the simple life, own a little house in West University, own a 
little car (I had to buy a new one recently - the 14-year old 380 SE started 
scaring me a bit), you know, the usual.  Are you selling burgers up and down 
the east coast?  Have you gone international?  In a new franchise business?  
How's your family?  
 
Got to get back to work!  This weekend I'm off to Sao Paulo and Buenos Aires 
on business.  SARA

SamChawk@aol.com on 09/11/99 07:48:44 PM
Sara-  Happy New Year, stranger!   Hope all is well. Do you miss me?   SAM

Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines (physical and 
financial) for the London traders.  I am trying to develop similar guidelines 
for the Southern Cone regions (first Argentina) and thought your expertise 
would be very helpful.  Could you send me a set?  I'm leaving for Sao Paulo 
on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow.  Thank you for your help.  
Regards.  Sara

 (if .....) (iii)   definitive agreements acceptable to Party A in its sole 
discretion regarding the debt and all other aspects of [the project to be 
owned by Party B], including but not limited to the senior debt facility, 
commitments and all project documents, have been fully negotiated and 
executed and the [project] has been brought to financial close.

fyi
Robert Quick
09/17/99 04:50 AM
Sara, here are the trader guidelines I developed for UK gas, UK power and 
Nordic power.  I assume you need both gas and power. These are to some extent 
country or market specific. As these guidelines need to be approved by 
Houston, I am copying this to Mark, Alan and Jeff. tks

Sara Shackleton
09/16/99 09:48 PM
Mark Elliott tells me that you drafted some trader guidelines (physical and 
financial) for the London traders.  I am trying to develop similar guidelines 
for the Southern Cone regions (first Argentina) and thought your expertise 
would be very helpful.  Could you send me a set?  I'm leaving for Sao Paulo 
on Saturday but I will be in the office tomorrow.  Thank you for your help.  
Regards.  Sara

Please review the attached memo to verify that I have identified all of the 
products that you are interested in trading in Brazil.  I will be in Sao 
Paulo on Monday, September 20, 1999.

Thank you,
Sara
