  Gregg Penman
  10/23/2000 12:12 PM
           
Kay - Can you please review this additional language to the risk management 
policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge)?  In light of the CA regarding curves, I 
am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples 
unlimited access to information. I know that we address audit rights in the 
LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already 
have.  Let me know what you think.

Thanks,

Gregg
  m.nordstrom@pecorp.com
  10/20/2000 11:32 AM
           
Attached please find the latest enovate risk policy.  Our attorneys and
internal audit area have made one language revision concerning Section XIII
Audit Rights.

Mary <<MEH-risk Oct 20>>

 - MEH-risk Oct 20.doc

I'm still at home.  I'll be in tomorrow.  I have a fax machine at home, 
though, if you prefer.  Otherwise, we can see who we can scare up at the 
office, or you can have Laura sign and I'll initial later.  Which do you 
prefer?

Kay

Are you in the office to initial signature pages today?  If not, is there 
someone else that will?
I know that Jeff is in Portland.

Gregg

  Kay Mann
  10/26/2000 11:07 AM
          
If Jeff is happy, I'm happy.

Kay

Hello - I spoke with Jeff Hodge yesterday regarding the additional language 
from Peoples regarding Audit Rights.  His initial reaction was that their 
request was probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly 
owned L.L.C.  However, he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect 
Enron's interests.
1) Highlighting that information will only be provided that is related to 
enovate and 2) that each designated representative should sign an appropriate 
confidentiality agreement.  This language has been included in the attached 
draft.  My goal, however optimistic, is to execute the risk policy by the end 
of today.  Activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting 
further blurred each passing day.  Therefore, I need to know ASAP if there 
are any problems with the draft as written.  Otherwise, I will be sending it 
to Peoples as our final revision by mid morning.  Thanks for your prompt 
attention to this.

Thanks,

Gregg

  Gregg Penman
  10/23/2000 12:12 PM
           
Kay - Can you please review this additional language to the risk management 
policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge)?  In light of the CA regarding curves, I 
am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples 
unlimited access to information. I know that we address audit rights in the 
LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already 
have.  Let me know what you think.

Thanks,

Gregg
  m.nordstrom@pecorp.com
  10/20/2000 11:32 AM
           
Attached please find the latest enovate risk policy.  Our attorneys and
internal audit area have made one language revision concerning Section XIII
Audit Rights.

Mary <<MEH-risk Oct 20>>

 - MEH-risk Oct 20.doc

It is less complicated for me to initial and fax than to track down someone 
who doesn't know anything about it and get them to initial it.  I can print 
it here, initial it, and fax it to whomever you want.  Plus, I work with 
Janet a lot so she may get some comfort from that, instead of having a lawyer 
she hasn't dealt with initial it.  She is very conscientious about what she 
signs, and who initials what.  

 Is the attached form the final final form?  Where and to whom do you want it 
faxed?

Thanks,

Kay 

Since it will be Janet signing, it will probably be better to have the 
initials on the pages first.  Either fax or someone else works fine.  Let me 
know which is easier and we can coordinate.

Gregg

  Kay Mann
  10/26/2000 11:26 AM
          
I'm still at home.  I'll be in tomorrow.  I have a fax machine at home, 
though, if you prefer.  Otherwise, we can see who we can scare up at the 
office, or you can have Laura sign and I'll initial later.  Which do you 
prefer?

Kay

Are you in the office to initial signature pages today?  If not, is there 
someone else that will?
I know that Jeff is in Portland.

Gregg

  Kay Mann
  10/26/2000 11:07 AM
          
If Jeff is happy, I'm happy.

Kay

Hello - I spoke with Jeff Hodge yesterday regarding the additional language 
from Peoples regarding Audit Rights.  His initial reaction was that their 
request was probably reasonable and in line with the spirit of a jointly 
owned L.L.C.  However, he did suggest a couple slight revisions to protect 
Enron's interests.
1) Highlighting that information will only be provided that is related to 
enovate and 2) that each designated representative should sign an appropriate 
confidentiality agreement.  This language has been included in the attached 
draft.  My goal, however optimistic, is to execute the risk policy by the end 
of today.  Activity is picking up dramatically and the fine line is getting 
further blurred each passing day.  Therefore, I need to know ASAP if there 
are any problems with the draft as written.  Otherwise, I will be sending it 
to Peoples as our final revision by mid morning.  Thanks for your prompt 
attention to this.

Thanks,

Gregg

  Gregg Penman
  10/23/2000 12:12 PM
           
Kay - Can you please review this additional language to the risk management 
policy ( or circulate to Jeff Hodge)?  In light of the CA regarding curves, I 
am slightly concerned with a blanket statement essentially giving Peoples 
unlimited access to information. I know that we address audit rights in the 
LLC agreement so this may not matter anyway if this is a right they already 
have.  Let me know what you think.

Thanks,

Gregg
  m.nordstrom@pecorp.com
  10/20/2000 11:32 AM
           
Attached please find the latest enovate risk policy.  Our attorneys and
internal audit area have made one language revision concerning Section XIII
Audit Rights.

Mary <<MEH-risk Oct 20>>

 - MEH-risk Oct 20.doc

I'm working on it now.  Maybe we (Enron) could review it tomorrow morning, 
then send it to FCE.  I can meet around 10:00.  That way, we can get it to 
them in time for weekend review.  Does that work?

Kay
