I will put this on our calendars.  Too bad you won't make the Compaq thing, 
but maybe next year.  San Antonio, wow what a let down from the other 
cities.  That will be a nice time of year though.  I can recommend some good 
restaurants since I took Ric there last year for his birthday.  We stayed at 
the Menger and had a great time.  

  Kay Mann@ENRON
  09/20/2000 04:18 PM
           
This Friday - Michael goes for a visit at  St. Francis, which may be his new 
school (so far, so good).  I'll be in around1000

Most Fridays I'm going to TRY to pick Michael up since I'm away so much, 
which means leaving by 445 or so.

October 4, ENA orientation in the am.

October 19/20, Neil is out of town, so I have to pick Michael up from school 
(leave at 430)

October 26/27, hope to be vacation time.  Neil has a meeting in San Antonio 
(usually it is in Miami, San Francisco, Phoenix - not so great this year).  
It is the officer's meeting for Enterprise, and spouses are invited.  This 
means we won't be in town for the Compaq thing. Figures, of course.  Thanks 
for asking.

I'm watching for some good vacation days, also...

fyi/review/comment

I have a couple of questions so I can wrap up the LOI:

We refer to licensed Fuel Cell Energy equipment.  Do we intend to reference a 
particular manufacturer, or should this be more generic?

Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement, and condition the 
final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what's in the 
draft?  I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the 
backside with that one.

Do we expect to have ONE EPC contract, or several?  

I'm looking for the confidentiality agreement, which may be in Bart's files 
(haven't checked closely yet).  If anyone has it handy, it could speed things 
up for me.

Thanks,

Kay

Forget the ONE or more contract questions.  I see we expect to have separate 
contracts for each project.

   

I have a couple of questions so I can wrap up the LOI:

We refer to licensed Fuel Cell Energy equipment.  Do we intend to reference a 
particular manufacturer, or should this be more generic?

Do we want to attach a draft of the Development Agreement, and condition the 
final deal on agreeing to terms substantially the same as what's in the 
draft?  I have a concern that the Enron optionality bug could bite us on the 
backside with that one.

Do we expect to have ONE EPC contract, or several?  

I'm looking for the confidentiality agreement, which may be in Bart's files 
(haven't checked closely yet).  If anyone has it handy, it could speed things 
up for me.

Thanks,

Kay

On the issue of the contracts, the draft says that the $170m is paid when the 
EPC contract is signed.  Are we expecting that the portion attributable to 
each project will be paid as the individual EPC contracts are signed?

Thanks,

Kay

   
  
  

1.  The pricing that we have given CRRA is specific to FuelCell Energy and 
would not be meaningful without listing the manufacturer (i.e., ONSI would be 
a lot more money).  Hence, I think that we have to reference the manufacturer.

2.  The attachment of the Development Agreement is a Jeff question.  In order 
to mark any 2000 income, we will need to get CRRA to execute the Development 
Agreement in 2000.  In my opinion, we should show CRRA a copy of the LOI with 
the assumption that the Development Agreement is attached.  I would actually 
send them the draft Development Agreement a couple days after the LOI.  Based 
on how CRRA reacts, I would make an ultimate determination if the agreement 
needs to be attached to the LOI.  


3.  I expect at least one EPC contract per project.  We don't want to 
condition the acceptance of one project on the performance of another 
project.  Performance tests will either be performed on a project basis or a 
unit by unit basis in a given project.

Remarkably clear explanation.

   
  
  

Sent by: Ben Jacoby@ECT
FYI, see below.
